README.md, before:

## Shellplayground
We built a simple shell program in C language as students at Holberton Tulsa.
Our shell will have the same output as /bin/sh.

Kellie: Though it's very simple, looking back on this program a year later, I can see 
how this project set the groundwork for my progress ever since. We made mistakes early on by neglecting to check our memory often enough and because of this error, we of course learned a very valuable lesson about the importance of memory, but also by combing through out program and breaking down every possible route of memory leaks, we got to know our program VERY well. This project was a breakthrough for me personally because it gave me so much reference for all the foundational learning I had done up to this point. 

## Motivation
We are building our simple shell to deepen our understanding of how the shell reads,
interprets, and executes commands given by a user. This is one of our first projects
in our 20 month program that applies the skills that we have learned so far. 

## Build status :: Features
Our shell program is a command-line interpreter that takes user input commands
with multiple arguments and executes them. There is an ineractive mode and a
non-interactive mode. When a command is executed, a child process
is created to perform the command. Once the child process is killed, the command
line will be ready again to take in user input.

Accepts builtin commands: exit, help, and env.
Handles basic commands stored in the PATH.
Executes by forking a child process.

## Testing
To test, after cloning this repository, use the following to compile the program.
gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 *.c -o hsh

When you run ./hsh you will see a prompt represented by the dollar sign '$' ready
for your command. 
Or for non-interactive mode, after compiling, you can use the following to list
the items in the directory (for example).
echo "/bin/ls" | ./hsh

## Code Example
<img width="639" alt="Code Snippet to display the function that tracks processes in a Simple Shell." src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67158073/151820024-07c32fa3-d72b-416b-995e-3f6d151d831c.png">

Each instance of an executing program has a unique process ID. This code snippet 
shows our executor function that validates an executable or displays the 
appropriate error. 

<img width="748" alt="Code Snippet to display details of the current working environment." src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67158073/151821016-77ae4f29-c3b9-474b-a597-daa29e68b857.png">

This code snippets displays a portion of the details of the current working 
environment of our Simple Shell. The functionality of our command is the same 
as 'printenv' in bash.

Commit message:

Adding description of challenges to our README

README.md, after:

## Shellplayground
We built a simple shell program in C language as students at Holberton Tulsa.
Our shell will have the same output as /bin/sh. 

## Motivation
We are building our simple shell to deepen our understanding of how the shell reads,
interprets, and executes commands given by a user. This is one of our first projects
in our 20 month program that applies the skills that we have learned so far. 

## Build status :: Features
Our shell program is a command-line interpreter that takes user input commands
with multiple arguments and executes them. There is an ineractive mode and a
non-interactive mode. When a command is executed, a child process
is created to perform the command. Once the child process is killed, the command
line will be ready again to take in user input.

Accepts builtin commands: exit, help, and env.
Handles basic commands stored in the PATH.
Executes by forking a child process.

## Testing
To test, after cloning this repository, use the following to compile the program.
gcc -Wall -Werror -Wextra -pedantic -std=gnu89 *.c -o hsh

When you run ./hsh you will see a prompt represented by the dollar sign '$' ready
for your command. 
Or for non-interactive mode, after compiling, you can use the following to list
the items in the directory (for example).
echo "/bin/ls" | ./hsh

## Challenges

 We made mistakes early on by neglecting to check our memory often enough and because of this error, we learned a very valuable lesson about the importance of memory management. The upside was that by combing through our program and breaking down every possible route of memory leaks, we got to know our program VERY well. This project was a breakthrough for us because it gave us a great perspective of how everything we'd been learning up to this point all worked together.

## Code Example

<img width="639" alt="Code Snippet to display the function that tracks processes in a Simple Shell." src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67158073/151820024-07c32fa3-d72b-416b-995e-3f6d151d831c.png">

Each instance of an executing program has a unique process ID. This code snippet 
shows our executor function that validates an executable or displays the 
appropriate error. 

<img width="748" alt="Code Snippet to display details of the current working environment." src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67158073/151821016-77ae4f29-c3b9-474b-a597-daa29e68b857.png">

This code snippets displays a portion of the details of the current working 
environment of our Simple Shell. The functionality of our command is the same 
as 'printenv' in bash.

##### - Kellie Mogg <a href="https://github.com/kelliemogg">Github</a> | <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/kelliemogg/">LinkedIn</a> | <a href="https://twitter.com/KellieMogg">Twitter</a>
Kellie is studying to be a Web and XR Developer and has a great passion for supporting a small business ecosystem. Though this project is fairly simple, looking back on this program a year later, I can see how this project set the groundwork for my progress ever since.
